I also this is Cobra two three in this
video I'm going to be teaching you how
to perform that RHP BMX and also the MSX
a okay first we're going to make that
RSVP MX okay so what you need for that
artist BPM X is just a pentel r.s.v.p 1
h TG grip and one hg g tube okay so this
is how you start you take up that thing
right gunfire in dying too okay I'll
make a hole in this in this background
so some spins are just some special
tools see but since I don't have those I
just use a fork and two against the
table I just make the hole until it's
complete the circle okay ladies should
look like this see ya there's a hole ok
so after that you put it backwards try
to uh put it right there they try to
need to a screw it see that is backwards
now next take out the grip of the RSVP
ok now you had a very right here in the
cap ok but you need to use some liquid
to a no make it kind of like a here you
got sticky so just you know I just put
the thing with all your little bit oh
you're right here it is I use oil
I just put a put it under see ya squishy
enters in the middle completely
completely in the mid okay
see waiting kind of like in the middle
like right here okay afternoon you're
done with the cab putting the grip on da
in the back of the car in the calves
amine check out this clip disc lucida
this little take it out like you know
try to cut it I mean with something
wrong with see source or something yeah
okay there is there's no more clip this
is some double-sided tape put right here
to put in this song y'all ready this
song was a tip song you know so
disparate yeah yeah so you gonna put
that AGG grip over right and now you're
going to use that AGG tip and put right
here scrolling relator
through the scrutiny okay now put the a
the cat no over and this is the RSVP MX
okay there you go there are sweet pea
amex
Oh
now we're gonna bake down the MSX a the
difference between them is just actually
is actually just okay take that comes a
cut now that take that edge is youtube
and put it right here like this over it
you should be it should fit perfectly I
should look like this you don't use tape
or glue nothing it just fits perfectly
on the undies on the comes a cap that
AGG tip on the comes a cup now we're
going to take the groves okay the
profile grips or the any bug ribs I'm
gonna try to put it here you know inside
alberta on the caps when you're done
with this you should look like like this
okay now we're going to put this Oprah
over the HEG grip don't put it too much
pressure though so you cannot break or
something you know that comes a cup my
brain because so much for sure
so there we have it this is the MSX a
oh it's okay